." Process this file with
." groff -man -Tascii test_script.1
."
.TH gibman(1)

.Sh NAME
.B gibman
- a WAD manager for DOOM

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gibman
.RB [\fIOPTIONS...\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gibman
is a simple command line utility to manage presets for DOOM with the simple usage of a TOML configuration file.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.BR "-h\fR,\fB --help"
Prints help information, available at any time.

.TP
.BR "--help-syntax"
Prints information regarding unique non-POSIX syntax for passing multiple arguments to \fBgibman\fR, in addition to
POSIX-compliant syntax that is always accepted.

.TP
.BR "-p\fR,\fB --preset\fR=\fISTRING\fR"
Preset to use with the DOOM engine, as defined in the configuration file (see below).

.TP
.BR "-a\fR,\fB --arguments\fR=\fISTRING"
Arguments to pass to the DOOM engine.

.TP
.BR "-v\fR,\fB --version"
Print version information, licence information, and exit.

.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
The configuration file is stored at the system's default configuration directory. On GNU/Linux, this location would be
the one specified in \fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME\fR first. If none is specified, it defaults to \fI~/.config/gibman\fR.
.TP
.I
$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/gibman/gibman.toml
.TP
.I
~/.config/gibman/gibman.toml
.PP
The configuration file is made automatically if it doesn't exist at the default configuration directory already. The
configuration file contains explanations and instructions of all the different components of \fBgibman\fR. A copy of
this file should have been included with the source code.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI "gibman"
.PP
Runs gibman with default engine and IWAD specified in config.
.TP
.BI "gibman -p example"
.PP
Runs gibman with preset \fIexample\fR.
.TP
.BI "gibman -p foobar -a -nomusic -a -nocdaudio"
.PP
Runs gibman with preset \fIfoobar\fR with \fInomusic\fR and \fInocdaudio\fR passed to the DOOM engine.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B
0
Success

.TP
.B
1
Error, either in IO or wrong configuration

.SH COPYRIGHT AND SOURCE
.PP
Program written by Maxwell Jensen (c) 2022
.PP
Licensed under European Union Public Licence 1.2.
.PP
For more information about the licence, visit <https://ec.europa.eu/info/european-union-public-licence_en>. This
software is free software, without any implicit or explicit warranty or fitness for use, available at
<https://maxwelljensen.no/git/maxwelljensen/gibman>.
